Set up some new hotkeys to let me work faster
    In Front toggle (Nacho suggested Ctrl Alt Shift Middle click)
    Wireframe toggle
	Entering and leaving weight paint mode with proper shading options.

Body/Limbs
    HIGH Rerig shoulder for T-pose lmao
	HIGH Let shoulder rotate on local Y axis without breaking as much. FK-Shoulder.L

	MEDIUM Lower shin shouldn't rotate so much with the foot
	MEDIUM Upper thigh is following knee pole vector too much.

	LOW Ankle thing shouldn't move so much when foot is rotated.	
	LOW Knee deform is a bit wonky, especially on clothes
	LOW Knee is too round like the elbow.
	LOW FK-Clavicle bone is currently redundant(always follows IK)
	LOW Rebuild Soft IK tech with Likkez's tech, see if we can't eliminate all downsides. If it works, Apply it to the arms too.
    LOW The end of the shoulder and the start of the elbow being a separate toon control mean that the two controls are in the same place and overlap, so if we keep this, make sure to add unique bone shapes.
	LOW Scaling any parent of STR-Elbow.L fucks up the IK stretching trick on it.
    LOW We could hook up the Y scale of stretch controls to the Ease In/Out values, the X and Z scale values to the Bbone X/Y In/Out scales, via drivers.
	LOW Completely rework the way deformation adjusters are implemented. They need to stop relying on the local rotation of *anything* because that shit is unreliable. Rotation values in general should pretty much only drive anything if the thing doing the driving can only rotate on one axis, so, never. Because rotations are fucking weird.
		Instead, a stretch target should be parented to the joint, and the deform adjuster should stretch to that target. Then it's just a matter of parenting the deform adjuster itself appropriately.
Fingers
	HIGH Finger local Y rotation is broken again.
		When I unbroke it, I unbroke it by accidently enabling BBones because then the finger deform bones use BBone handles for rotation. Make it work like that but without BBones.

    MEDIUM In general but wrist especially, make sure the outer parts of bends stay a bit "sharper" (or less round) and don't lose as much volume.
	MEDIUM Adjust thumb pivot point, see how good it can be, make sure we can make a decent fist.
    MEDIUM Elbow and wrist and maybe other things roll a bit when they shouldn't, eg. rotating elbow on local X results in some roll in DEF-Shoulder2.L.
    
	LOW Overall deform improvements for fingers
    LOW Try making shoulder weights a bit broader.    
		
Clothes
	MEDIUM Shirt is wonky in the front and back when hips are moved
	MEDIUM Come up with something to make the shirt not look glued to her skin.

Face
	Add sneer control
	Add smile control

	Think about how to add more lower level control for the eyebrows.
	Add lattice controls for the head and the eye.
	Hook up the scale of CTR bones to the bbone scale of deform bones.

On release/updates
    Apply mirror modifier on the body and fix the UV islands where needed.
    Maybe join the UV layers into one? I don't like having them separate. I'd rather just offset them by 1 UV tile to the right.
    Make sure Armature modifiers are in the right place in the stack(ie. above SubSurf)
    Lock object transforms
    Make sure bones, objects, shapes, and object data are named properly
    Make sure bbone display size is consistent
    Clean up bone shapes collection, maybe make a script to resize bones to a uniform scale and then adjust bone shape settings accordingly so they maintain their display size.